hello and welcome to the o WC
instructional series of videos in this
installment we will be upgrading the
memory in a pre 2008 of Mac Pro we have
already shutdown unplugged and placed
the Mac Pro on a static free workspace
we are now ready to begin the first step
is to open the side access door on our
Macintosh to do this lift the latch
located on the rear of the Mac Pro until
it locks into the open position you may
then tilt the door forward slightly and
remove it the next step is to locate the
memory riser cards inside your Mac Pro
they are located here in the memory cage
to remove the memory razor cards and
slide them straight out of the
respective slots before we can install
the new memory modules we need to remove
the old memory modules to do so locate
the ejectors on each side of the memory
slot and push down and out this will
eject the memory module
out of its slot once the memory module
ejectors are open and the memory is
loose remove them and set aside to
install the new memory modules be sure
that the ejectors on each side of the
memory slot are open line up the new
memory modules by aligning the
off-center notch in the memory module
with a corresponding off-center pin and
the memory slot once aligned correctly
push the memory modules firmly down
until it snaps and locks into place
the ejector should snap shut when the
memory modules are firmly seated check
that the memory module ejectors have
closed
the inside of the side panel has a
diagram for installing the memory
modules and reinstalling the memory
riser cards you are now ready to
reinstall the memory riser cards back
into your Mac Pro firmly push the memory
riser card back into its slot until it
snaps back into place repeat for the
second memory riser card to close the
macro align the side door with the
bottom of the case swing the door closed
and push the rear latch downward until
it locks into place
you